and I guess that was what 1965-66 that
you were on top in New York and the WWWF
you had not only to sellout with what we
know and the guards yeah yeah but you
had you had some matches with guys like
Johnny Valentine at-at Bobo Brazil in
Washington who had Bobo in Washington
was probably because of the
african-american population even more
over the Bruno that was like Bobo's town
and well yes Washington had a redemptive
predominantly black demographic and you
gotta realize this because they have
planted the seed for the junkyard dog
later on in your mind 20 years later I
don't know that I was that smart them
that's honest I think I was just trying
to survive and but here's what it you
realized is it and you got to go back
and touch on something you know America
has had a lot of soul-searching on the
only nation that fought a war over
slavery and still we didn't really have
equal rights and we had a lot of
prejudice and all this was coming to a
head and there was a civil rights
movement beginning and and I was sitting
and I'd grown up in the white schools
and fortunately sports became a common
way of meeting of that my first contact
was with Prentiss got a bud Robinson was
the first huge coach in the majors tutu
and Prescott was the first black athlete
that was offered a full scholarship at
Oklahoma University played football and
then wallets Johnson who's a dear friend
of mine so by getting to know some of
these black men as men and people you
see I think what we're really afraid of
is the unknown what we don't know what's
not usual to us and so we have a fear
and then and so that's what that started
and then meet buh-buh-buh-buh was a
first class guy he was a great big guy
but he was just first class he knew what
he was he knew his role and he handled
it with such class so he was a
groundbreaker because at the time that
he became a main eventer sometimes he
couldn't stay at the hotel the rest of
the wrestlers standing across the street
from the building or sometimes he
wouldn't even have been allowed to sit
in ringside in some of the buildings
that he was main eventing in there but
he had to put up with that when I was at
Oklahoma University there's hotels that
wouldn't let one of Scott's stay with
the team
we walked out of a restaurant once it
wasn't serving the whole team so yeah
prejudice was unbelievable you go to and
we go into Louisiana later the
prejudices in the states that were even
further south but and you know you can
say I understand that no if you're not
black you don't understand it you can't
walk in the black man's shoes if you're
a white man you just you can and you can
try to have empathy and you can have it
to it but you can never understand how
that is there anywhere here's Bobo
Brazil is in a position of class and
Washington DC and this is a summer they
Bart Washington DC the blacks burned it
in a deal of unrest so there was
tremendous civil unrest and tremendous
things happening and there was a real
polarization going on and here's this
young idiot from Oklahoma who would do
anything to make money and getting on
television and saying things that you
could not even say today which my
interview is about Beaubourg Brazil I
set up this whole scenario in that I
bribed guys bragged about my big ranch
in Oklahoma I didn't have a ranch in
Oklahoma good gosh I could barely afford
to get out of town
not then I later had a lot of property
and a lot of different things and even
had some cattle leave on there got a big
ranch and I've taken pictures on Leroy's
ranch which he had helped me do an
understanding but I'm talking about my
ranch and I used to have all my friends
again and Bobo was known for the
headbutt the cocoa button and that was
his finishing move and so I would talk
about the fact that we used to entertain
and what we take a goat up a ram with
the big horns and we'd hit it with a
cattle prod which is a device with seven
batteries in it let it shine Electric
and I'm telling you it's brutal and we'd
hit them with that and the goat the RAM
with charges we jump over and we laugh
and then when we were really tired of
playing with it we get my cliff and jump
over it and go on hit on the rocks and
it kill itself then we'd barbecue and I
said that's what I'm going to do to
bubble I'm going to cleaning god is
human gouging and gouging and then after
barbecuing always going to be good for
is shining my boots and carrying my bag
and that's his station in life I said
that on television in Washington DC not
just trying to create Heat
not realizing and they never ask you
what you're going to say and they let
the thing play house poop again because
I was insulting every black person's
race and origin and there's no excuse
for that for show business or for
anything else but it was a different
time at that time it was a worse time it
was the worst time but it was a
different time in terms of television
standards and what they would allow so
when that got on and the people heard it
you were akin to Adolf Hitler Genghis
Khan I never forget they were The
Saturday Evening Post was doing a big
spread on me and that was a huge Vince
was so proud of that because that was a
major magazine and they did that we're
doing a deal called the rich full life
of a bad guy a guy named Myron cope who
lives in in Pittsburgh was the writer
and he was traveling with so here we
come to the arena for this event with
Bobo and he wants to go to ringside with
me for the event and fine with me we get
there and it's out of control
then inside the arena they've literally
built a wire fence down over the
entryway over the top of it so that they
couldn't throw stuff at me as I came out
well they've gone on that real quick
they at all urinated and buckets
came out with 40 guards to get me to the
ring therefore buckets of human urine on
me and this place is out of control
getting to them you see what the guys
don't understand today we used to have
to sometimes fight just to get to the
ring and then we might have a riot never
have the match finish and then we might
have to fight all the way back to the
dressing room because the the people
were so involved in our matches and they
believed it was real
so here's Bobo and I on this ring and
Myron cope signals mace it bill to have
these guards take me back to the
dressing room you're never going to make
it out of here like we had 40 guards
just to get me through the ring that had
to fight every step of the way to get me
the ring now I'm not scared yet that's
how done I was so Bubba when I had this
match where I ended up getting my hand
raised
not that I pinned him or anything I
think you got disqualified but I got my
hand raised
and I am telling ya Oh over the top
ropes are coming in from all directions
opening knives that come I'll kill that
honky and whatever I look in the whole
way to the dressing room the forty
guards overrun their swamped fills a co
had seen as out of control and he's got
somehow my attention he's the other
direction the promoter the other
direction another one go the dirt no
they know I got to come out this way
they're massing there to kill me I go
the other way I ended up jumping the
hockey retaining wall I don't know how
many people I hit something like sixteen
or seventeen people went to the hospital
I kick open the door and run a mile
hiding the filling station and call back
for my clothes
that's how wild it is I mean it was
brutal but that's what they did write it
back brought it back we didn't killing
this by word